Hello, everyone.
And welcome to part two, the final
part in the capstone course here for
the Internet of things, University of
California, San Diego specialization.
So as promised, you kind of see this big
box here, 15 gallon DeWALT tool box.
Now, we explained in the first
part of this course that
you can choose anything you want for
your box,
as long as you match the specifications
for all of the devices and
components that you want to use and
everything fits inside the box.
Then you should be good to go, right.
Now for this introduction video,
to the second part, I wanted
to just pull out everything I have in
the box and show it to you real quickly.
After that we are going to walk
through all of the components that we
have in here.
That includes the tools that I used for
building this.
Some tools I have on me.
Some tools of course I don't.
As well as variety of
the components we ended up using.
After that, I'm going to kind of walk
you through the building process as
you can see, I already have a lot
of these wires hooked in here.
And this will go to the solar panels.
We'll talk about that in the video after.
And then from there,
I'm going to build it for you.
Once again, putting all the components
back in and we will do a little demo
outside to show that it is in
fact collecting solar energy and
how much load we might be able to
provide for what we have created here.
As well as maybe hooking
up the DragonBoard and
having some fun with some sensors.
So I look forward to seeing
you in the next video.
Stay tuned.
While we look at everything
that's inside the old box here.